Further details for Kickstart (#159)
srobo/team-emails: SR2024/2023-10-17-kickstart-reminder.md

---
to: Student Robotics 2024
subject: Getting the most out of SR2024 Kickstart
---

Hello there!

With [Kickstart][kickstart] this Saturday we wanted to let you know what to
expect on the day and how to get the best start on your robot.

As you already know, the event is fully remote. There are two main aspects to
the day:

- the presentation, which will be [livestreamed][livestream] on Youtube, and
- the microgames, a set of tasks to familiarise you with the kit (details on
  what you'll need below)

We encourage all teams to watch the livestream on the day and work through the
microgames together afterwards. If you are unable to do this for some reason the
presentation and microgames will continue to be available afterwards on the

> [Kickstart event page][kickstart] and remain a great place for your team to

Reviewer: I'm not sure the presentation and the microgames are a place, either:

```suggestion
[Kickstart event page][kickstart] and remain great resources for your team to
```
OR
```suggestion
[Kickstart event page][kickstart] and remain in a great place for your team to
```

Author: Hrm, or maybe?
```suggestion
[Kickstart event page][kickstart] and will be great resources for your team to
```

Author: Ah, oops. Looks like I included my suggestion in b95fcd328563809819c34f2594aa599a59e834ad too. Shall we run with that?

Reviewer: sure

start working on their robot.

There will be two document links for the microgames -- one for the competitors

> which outlines the challenges and another for you which has the answers.

Reviewer: Maybe mention "Students are encouraged to post their answers in their own channels in Discord to get used to interacting with us volunteers"

Author: 41e4ef08e0a12b6609430350cac26a95a43ecf4e ?

What you'll need for the microgames:

> - **your kit**; all the kits have been dispatched -- please let us know if yours

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Your kit**; all the kits have been dispatched -- please let us know if yours
```

Author: b95fcd328563809819c34f2594aa599a59e834ad

  hasn't arrived!

> - at least one **computer** which has a USB port, so you can get code onto your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At least one **computer** which has a USB port, so you can get code onto your
```

Author: b95fcd328563809819c34f2594aa599a59e834ad

  kit

> - at least one pair of **wire cutters** and **wire strippers**, for wiring up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At least one pair of **wire cutters** and **wire strippers**, for wiring up
```

Author: b95fcd328563809819c34f2594aa599a59e834ad

---
to: Student Robotics 2024
subject: Getting the most out of SR2024 Kickstart
---

Hello there!

With [Kickstart][kickstart] this Saturday we wanted to let you know what to
expect on the day and how to get the best start on your robot.

As you already know, the event is fully remote. There are two main aspects to
the day:

- the presentation, which will be [livestreamed][livestream] on Youtube, and
- the microgames, a set of tasks to familiarise you with the kit (details on
  what you'll need below)

We encourage all teams to watch the livestream on the day and work through the
microgames together afterwards. If you are unable to do this for some reason the
presentation and microgames will continue to be available afterwards on the
[Kickstart event page][kickstart] and remain a great place for your team to
start working on their robot.

There will be two document links for the microgames -- one for the competitors

> which outlines the challenges and another for you which has the answers.

Author: Blocked on checking if this is true!

Author: Confirmed there will be two documents in Slack: https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C05JXPPA8UB/p1697572788396179?thread_ts=1697487436.016149&cid=C05JXPPA8UB

What you'll need for the microgames:

- **your kit**; all the kits have been dispatched -- please let us know if yours

>   hasn't arrived!

Author: We should confirm ourselves if we expect all kits to have arrived, particularly ones we dispatched this week.

Reviewer 2: Issue: Not all kits have been dispatched quite yet (all bar 2, which gave us the details after the cutoff anyway).

Author: Ah, I'd misunderstood [your message earlier](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CMQ49PXPG/p1697475102293259) in Slack.

Author: Open to ideas for a better framing.

Author: @RealOrangeOne how much of a pain would it be to customise this line just for the two late teams?

Author: Thinking about this: since there's no personalisation here we can just do a BCC style send (rather than mail-merge), so doing two sends with slightly different content should be easy.

- at least one **computer** that can install and run the [simulator][simulator];
  we'd encourage installing the Webots software ahead of time, though note that
  you will need to download the simulation files afresh from our docs after the

>   game has been announced at Kickstart.

Author: I'd really like to get the improved overview page from https://github.com/srobo/docs/pull/540 merged before sending this. If not, we should probably link directly to the setup page rather than the overview page (since the overview is currently very lacking in content).

Author: Related PR has now merged.

- at least one **computer** which has a USB port, so you can get code onto your
  kit; it may be easier if this is the same computer that can run simulator

- at least one pair of **wire cutters** and **wire strippers**, for wiring up

>   your robot kit

Author: Unless we're sure that all the kits contain a screwdriver we presumably want to include that here too?

Reviewer 2: All kits will contain a screwdriver, yes. Although they don't contain wirecutters.
